now to the war in Gaza and Israel's
military has given an evacuation order
affecting about 250,000 Palestinians and
a third of the total area of the
territory the affected region includes
much of the city of Kan Yunis where many
anticipate a large scale Israeli ground
assault against Hamas which is
considered a terror organization by
multiple countries the UN spokesperson
said the evacuation will only heighten
the suffering of
civilians Israel evacuation order leaves
tens of thousands of gsin facing a
difficult decision where to next the
wrong move could have drastic even
deadly
consequences I took down my tents all my
belongings are in the street and I don't
know where to go I don't know if
anywhere safe where my children and I
can go they'll say an area is safe but
it turns out that it's not safe at all
we keep getting pushed from one area to
another one group relocated from Han
Yunis to this house in Deer albala
located in one of Israel's so-called
safe zones for
evacuees but the next day an Israeli air
strike hit the building killing at least
12 people inside including several
children nine of the victims were from
the same family Israel's military did
not immediately comment on the air
strike but it's not the first time
Palestinians have been killed by strikes
in these safe zones
other displaced Gins have sought shelter
in seemingly unlivable conditions such
as this open air dump by the Sea when
fighting cut off their route to the main
dumps in eastern Gaza municipal waste
Crews began bringing their loads here
near the tent
camps the risk of disease is
high if we don't get sick we'll die from
the bombing and if we don't die from the
bombing we'll die from the destruction
and
Devastation the UN says nearly 2 million
gazin 80% of the population are
displaced and the new evacuation order
suggests another assault on Han Yunis
might come soon